[CHANGELOG] Small polishes (#4876)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

  For more information about the revised pricing model please have a look at the [blog post](https://mui.com/blog/premium-plan-release/#the-new-licensing-model).

- 👔 **Excel export**. You can find this new Premium feature at: https://mui.com/x/react-data-grid/export/#excel-export.

- 🔎 **Quick filtering**. You can now add a quick filtering search bar to your grid. To do so, either pass `showQuickFilter` prop to the `<GridToolbar />` or use the `<GridToolbarQuickFilter />` component in your custom toolbar. More information about how to customize the filtering logic is in the [documentation]( https://mui.com/x/react-data-grid/filtering/#quick-filter).

  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13808724/167700105-5a5acc7c-5463-4871-8514-3d09e2f365ae.png" width="724">

- 🐞 Bugs fixes

### `@mui/x-data-grid@v5.11.0` / `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@v5.11.0` / `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@v5.11.0`

#### Breaking changes

> - Move row grouping to the premium package (#3981) @alexfauquette

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Move row grouping to the premium package (#4223) @flaviendelangle
```
